# Time Dependent Schrodinger Equation Solution for PinAB
Here provides a jupyter notebook which holds a numerical solution to the time dependent Schrödinger equation, using a Crank Nicolson algorithm. This code is only for the specific case of a particle in an infinite potential well, and derives its algorithm from a paper written by Adib Kabir, cited at the end of this readme. This notebook defult simulates an electron but you can change the mass in the code to simulate any particle you want. Any of the inital parameters can be changed if one would like to simulate a different sized well, or particle, or whatever one would like. This is commented in the code. This code produces a plot of the real and imaginary parts of the wavefunction and the probability density; It has one of these plots for the final time step and another for multiple timesteps. It produces a color map of the probability densities as time progresses. And an animation of the real and imaginary parts of the wavefunction. I provided gif's and pdf of these graph, in this repository, that you can compare your results to, to ensure you've run the code correctly. To run the code all you have to do is hit 'Run All.' The code should run in seconds, but it will take around 2 minutes for the animation cell to run. Depeneding on what applications you have on your computer you may have to open the animation in somewhere other than the defualt. For my device I have to open the gif using Google Chrome for it to play. 

Kabir, A. (2024, May 10). Numerical Simulation of the Time-Dependent Schrödinger Equation Using the Crank-Nicolson Method. Retrieved from https://arxiv.org/pdf/2410.10060
